gc: use *.snap st_mtime to schedule after restart (#11074)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9820-checkpoint-interval-after-restart.md

> ## bugfix/core

Author: Fixed

> * Fixed a bug when the time of snapshots before the server restart were not
>   taken into account with `checkpoint_interval` being set (gh-9820).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug when the timestamps of snapshots created before the server restart
  were not taken into account with `checkpoint_interval` enabled (gh-9820).
```

Author: Fixed. Your suggestion is indeed a better description to what I did.
